looking in closer detail at the shocking
events of early on Saturday morning you
can see people dancing at the Nova music
festival with no inkling of the horror
that's about to unfold BBC verifi has
established that this was taken at
sunrise on
Saturday and it's all happening just
very very close to the border between
Israel and Gaza the first sign that
anything was wrong came around 7 in the
morning and if we look at that video
again you can see that there's a man who
is looking up into the sky he's seen
something now we don't know exactly what
he's looking at but there are
suggestions it could be small explosions
from Israeli air defenses trying to
neutralize a barrage of incoming rocket
fire then we have this it was posted at
9:30 in the morning local time and it
seems to show security at the event
trying to get people to leave as quickly
as
possible and then here you get a sense
of the panic the fear the urgency as
people Flee for their lives through the
fields next I want to show you some
distressing footage from the dash cam of
a car parked at the edge of the festival
site we know it's filmed just before
9:00 in the morning and you see this
gunman taking a young man who appears to
have been wounded goes on to show a man
Sheltering under the car and you see him
being shot and then there's another
video apparently taken by Palestinians
who are either part of the attack
accompanying the attackers and it's come
to encapsulate the absolute Terror of
what happened so she's Noah agamani
she's 25 years old she'd been at the
festival and she is pleading for her
life as she's kidnapped along with her
boyfriend the reuter's news agency spoke
to her friend Amit who'd been messaging
her until just before she was
captured
terrorized that's I don't think everyone
ever has felt such Terror and
such helplessness when you're you you're
taken away from your boyfriend from your
loved ones to to some place unknown with
terrorists and I can't I can't imagine
what she's going through right now
traveling with those terrorists in
Gaza waiting for someone to to send help
we don't yet know exactly how many
people were kidnapped from the festival
or killed but this is Dr footage and you
can imagine looking forward to a weekend
of music and dancing never in their
worst nightmares imagining what was to
come Caroline Hy let me take you back to
the live pictures because uh as has been
the case throughout the course of
today's program we have seen so many
explosions there in Gaza even since the
start of this program in the last two
and a half hours but that has been the
continued pattern through the course of
today with Israel continuing to Target
various sites in the Gaza Strip their
military action against a whole variety
of Hamas targets and of course that
alongside the cutting off of the Gaza
Strip that announcement from the defense
minister a little earlier that the whole
of the Gaza Strip would be cut off no
food no power no water so uh that just
part of what Israel implementing in the
wake of those Dreadful scenes through
the course of the weekend well